Big Data solution to online multivendor marketplace eCommerce business Client Background Client: A leading eCommerce firm the USA, Columbia, India, and Latin Gangala promotes local shops selling a wide variety of products at great prices. Easily find the offers using our comparison tool. It’s a WIN WIN for … Industry Type: eCommerce Services: e-commerce, retail business Organization Size: 100+ Project Objective To give User experience of easy and convenient Shopping by searching all the products like any medicines , Clothes , Gadgets etc a single Website without going through all the E-Commerce and make shopping easy and get the most affordable and product. Project Description It’s E-Commerce that’s helps customer to compare different products that were available on different E-Commerce like Flipkart , Amazon , Netmeds etc.It’s helps the user to visit only one to get what they need and find the perfect product without visiting all the sites.The gives the user a great and friendly Experience Buying any Products.It’s Also have some Unique Similar Products Recommendation Based on user search and also have a ChatBot That’s solves User Query .It’s uses Big data and Rest API that’s help the projects for regular updates and regular fetching of the products. Our Solution BlackCoffer We create the flow of the Big Data and all Backend Solution That is requires for this futuristic E-Commerce Sites.We Create Pipelines for the data of all the products and their and url fetch different E-Commerce using Custom made APIs And perform data cleaning, data transformation and data validation techniques to make sure the standard of data to be used by Our .We also get Additional Feature the scraped data By using Different APIs . We also create automation and custom python scripts that helps us to achieve some outstanding data related tasks. Project Deliverables Python script for performing ETL and Cypher Query for big data Handling. Tools used Jupyter Notebook DSS VS Code Language/techniques used Python No SQl Cypher ETL Models used Similar API Whatsapp Chat API Similarity Server to get similar products Skills used Data Engineering Data Analysis Python Programming Rest APIs Databases used DSS NEO4J MongoDB Web Servers used Linode AWS What are the technical Challenges Faced during Project Execution Data Cleaning : -The Scraped that be used by our is coming different sources and also it’s not’s that clean to be used by .This is the very first problem every data scientist faced during the whole process. Data Merging :- The data is scraped around 140 sources that’s why it’s very difficult to maintain the attributes that should be used by all the sources and we can get a clean and sufficient amount of data to process. Data Validation :- There are records that have values and missing values that disturb the users experience a lot .That should be handle with very care. How the Technical Challenges were Solved Data Cleaning : – For Data cleaning we used Python Data and Pandas and data structure and handles the data cleaning and optimize our data for get correct data format and useful data. Data Merging : – For data Merging and data transformation we used pandas that help to get the appropriate data that can used further And also make Python pipelines for future updation. Data Validation :- For that data validation we use some fundamental property and feature selection that’s help us to make the appropriate data format and records to be used our sites. Project Snapshots Project website url https://gangala.in/ 