Medical Classification Client Background Client: A Leading Tech Firm the USA Industry Type: IT Consulting Services: Software, Consulting Organization Size: 100+ Project Objective Classify the medical research paper into 0 if the medical research paper cannot be used future medical research and 1 if the medical research paper can be used research based on some research-related phrases. Train ML/DL model on classified data. Project Description We have given excel sheet of medical research paper text and provided some phrases to identify research papers that can be used for future medical research. If the phrase is not present a research paper then it not be used for research. After annotation, we need to find the ML/DL model to train research data and evaluate the model on test data. Our Solution We have created a python script that can compare all medical research paper text to research phrases and annot 0 if research phrases are not present a medical research paper and 1 if research phrases present medical research paper. After annotation we have trained different machine learning and deep learning models like base uncased using Tensorflow, large, XGBoost Classifier, Random Classifier and Logistic Regression. Among these models we have chosen the accuracy parameters model. our the bert-base model performed and gave 95% test accuracy. Project Deliverables ML/DL model which is trained on medical research classification data to classify other medical research papers. Tools used Google Colab notebooks, Tensorflow, PyTorch, Transformers, MS Excel Language/techniques used Python, Machine learning, Deep learning, Data Science, Natural Language Processing (NLP). Models used Tensorflow-Bert model, PyTorch LSTM model, Random Classifier, XGBoost Classifier, Logistic Regression. Skills used Machine Learning, Deep learning, NLP, Python programming. Databases used used ms excel data What are the technical Challenges Faced during Project Execution There are various technical challenges faced during project execution: The research paper has a huge amount of text data the model was giving space errors colab notebooks. Find the threshold value which gives test accuracy. How the Technical Challenges were Solved To solve space error we have trained the model with batch size this solved the error. To find the threshold value we created the ROC AUC curve and Precision Recall curve and checked points where accuracy be higher. 