Statistical Data Analysis of Reinforced Concrete Client Background Client: A leading research institution the middle Industry Type: Research Services: R&D Organization Size: 1000+ Project Objective Conducting statistical data analysis on the data provided for different types of reinforced concrete (using 3 different fibers – Steel, Date and Polypropylene fibers) and also helping preparing research paper based on laboratory data. Project Description The project had two phase: Phase 1: this phase, we had to a comprehensive analysis on the data given and finally build statistical models for the variables present. The motive was to understand the behaviour of concrete based on various parameters – Compressive strength, Flexural strength, water absorption capabilities of the concrete and more. The analysis should include, but was not limited to: Comparison of Mo (control mix) with all mixes at 28 days for each parameter test Comparing all parameters for all specimens (all concrete mixes) with 28 days and also 6 months heat-cool and wet-dry all other expected analysis we could you and Phase 2: this phase, we had to develop a structure for the research paper based on the results and analysis. The paper included sections – Abstract, Introduction ( literature, background and objective), Experimental program ( materials and methods), Results and discussion ( analysis and interpretation) and Conclusion ( summary, insights and remarks). Our Solution Providing a Comprehensive analysis for the concrete data – showcasing the insights it based on the parameters (compressive strength, etc). On the basis of results the analysis, research paper was drafted which included all the deliverable. Project Deliverable A manuscript (drafted article) with the following: Abstract Introduction ( literature, background and objective) Experimental program ( materials and methods) Results and discussion ( analysis and interpretation) Conclusion ( summary, insights and remarks) References Tools used Tools used: Jupyter – Notbebook (Python) Numpy Pandas Sklearn Matplotlib Seaborn MS Excel Google spreadsheets Language/techniques used Python Statistical Modelling Statistical Inference Models used Statistical models – linear, polynomial, exponential and logarithmic models build for showcasing behavior of concrete mixes due to mixing of different fiber content and its effect on different parameters specified above. Skills used Coding – Python Performing statistical analysis – extracting inferences Building statistical models – through python or through Excel and its counterparts. Databases used No database was used. Web Servers used No server was used. What are the technical Challenges Faced during Project Execution The Challenges faced during project execution are: Getting statistical models seaborn libraries, there is no direct to get the models the graphs created data. Building models excel and validating it (didn’t know how, had to learn it before applying it). How the Technical Challenges were Solved I had to use different libraries for building the models, later on turned to MS excel and spreadsheet because they were building models and were also able to showcase it on the data itself. For this, I learned how to build models on the aforementioned software through YouTube and blogs. Project Snapshots Project Video 