Car Detection Satellite Images Client Background Client: A leading retail firm the USA Industry Type: Retail Services: Retail business Organization Size: 100+ Project Objective The objective of this project was to detect cars satellite images and highlight them using a bounding box. Project Description The client, Schneider, approached us with a requirement to develop a Python project that dealt the of computer vision. The aim of the project was to detect cars present a satellite image and highlight them using a bounding box. To achieve this, we decided to use the Darknet model and train it on Yolov4 dataset of cars satellite images. Our Solution We used Google Colab for coding and training the Darknet model. Kaggle was used to download the Yolov4 dataset of cars satellite images. We preprocessed the dataset and trained the model on it. Once the model was trained, we tested it on satellite images and it worked perfectly fine. Finally, we created a script that detected the cars image and highlighted them using a bounding box. Project Deliverables The final deliverable was a ipython Notebook presented on Google Colab. Tools used Google Colab, Kaggle, Slack(For Communication) Language/techniques used Python Models used Darknet(CV Model) Skills used Python programming, AI/ML. What are the technical Challenges Faced during Project Execution The challenge we faced was related to the pre-processing of the Yolov4 dataset of cars satellite images. The dataset was and had to be cleaned and formatted before it could be used for training the model. How the Technical Challenges were Solved We used Python programming skills and developed a script that automated the pre-processing of the dataset. This saved us a lot of time and allowed us to focus on training the model. Business Impact The project was a success and the client was very happy with the final product. The car detection model worked perfectly on satellite images and could be used for further development of application that could detect cars real-time. Project website url https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1AoeHdZdpi0lWLf3X2G800J0VT_7wJtnE Project Video Contact Details Here are contact details: Email: ajay@blackcoffer.com Skype: asbidyarthy WhatsApp: +91 9717367468 Telegram: @asbidyarthy For project discussions and updates, would you like to use Slack, Skype, Telegram, or Whatsapp? Please recommend, what would work for you. 