ETL solution for Internet Publishing firm Client Background Client: A leading internet publishing firm Singapore and Australia Industry Type: Internet Publishing Services: peer-to-peer car sharing platform where you can rent a variety of cars, always nearby at great value Organization Size: 100+ Project Objective Fetch all logs using zendesk api drivelah server Analyse logs and number of calls made by a particular phone number to company and fetch recent timing Project Description We need to fetch last month’s details (from user, to user, call_time, call_status ) using zendesk api. Then we need to analyse all logs and need to identify the number of calls made by a particular user to the company and the most recent timing the company server. Our Solution To fetch all logs using zendesk api we used python language programming. When we checked details the zendesk api, the details were json format which is very tough to understand the calls details. first we have fetched only needed details (call made person, to and timing) converted into tabular format. tabular format it was easy to identify details. After that we need to identify the number of calls made by the user to the company the last month. We used the python pandas module here which is very and effective to handle tabular data. First we separated the user who made a to the company last month and then counted each unique user’s records. For recent dates we used python’s datetime module which can easily identify recent date time. Project Deliverables 2 python scripts for fetching details and converting into table format for identifying number of calls made and recent timing Tools used VS Code, Google Drive, and MS Excel. Language/techniques used Python programming language, Data Analytics with numpy and pandas, python datetime. Skills used Data Analytics,, Python, Mathematics Databases used local data MS Excel Sheet What are the technical Challenges Faced during Project Execution First one was the api data json format with other unwanted data it was a difficult for us to identify the number of calls and other information direct json data. The date format the api data is not appropriate for us to handle. Because the date is stored string format, it was difficult to compare dates with one another and identify recent ones. How the Technical Challenges were Solved For the first technical challenge we first took only useful details api’s json format and converted these details tabular format. python we can easily handle tables with pandas dataframe and can apply whatever operation we want to collect details. For the second one we know that it would be difficult to handle dates string format. we first converted dates to a proper datetime format using python’s datetime module. It has a lot of built functionalities which can easily compare dates with one another. comparison we have identified recent dates of calls. Project Snapshots Contact Details Here are contact details: Email: ajay@blackcoffer.com Skype: asbidyarthy WhatsApp: +91 9717367468 Telegram: @asbidyarthy For project discussions and updates, would you like to use Slack, Skype, Telegram, or Whatsapp? Please recommend, what would work for you. 