Enhancing Front-End Features and Functionality for Improved User Experience and Dashboard Accuracy Partner Hospital Application Client Background Client: A leading hospital chain the USA Industry Type: Healthcare Products & Services: Healthcare solutions Organization Size: 200+ The Problem Build a web application. Develop , deploy and maintain the system the background, and there be hospitals partnering with our organization utilizing this tool per our service offering, which could lead to long-term working contracts with us, if interested. The current project is a HIPPA-compliant SPA Web Application that interface with hospital data dashboards involving discharged patients. Call-Navigator utilizes SFTP server that is hosted AWS, this allows our partner hospital to store patient discharge files directly to S3 bucket. The application and dashboard are currently up and running and pulling information and data our partner hospital. However, the project was rushed through initial development and there are several front-end features that need to be addressed (or fine-tuned/upgraded) and functions added (search/flag options and redirection) to make the application user-friendly (dashboard accuracy). There are deliverables such as reporting that is part of the project scope that was not developed but are considered a priority after the features and functionality are improved. According to the OG developer, a GitHub account for our organization need to be created and code uploaded to two separate projects – one for backend and one for frontend. Let me know if this project would be something you would like to further discuss. Thank you much for your time and consideration. information the OG developer follows: Developer should specifically know (or be able to learn) these specific AWS features since they be responsible for deployment and maintaining the system. For deployment, the developer must:  modify AWS security groups and target groups, etc…  push code to product **DO NOT REMOVE OG DEVELOPER ACCESS/NETWORK CONNECTION** Currently, there are GitHub actions created that deploy the code if you set up the proper secrets, GitHub actions on FE/Angular app with deploy code to our static S3 website as well as creations invalidations for CloudFront that bypasses the caching. ssh config and file are available. Need to be able to pull reports on info by unit, by caller, by diagnosis, physician or across the hospital, specifically on flags for medications, conditions, ect. – Flags and marked issues also need to be represented on the Facility Dashboard page. – Automate the import process of file hospital. – Set up or ability to set up Hospital employees to log with their Credentials (single sign on). – Flags thrown need to show up somewhere Navigator and also be able to go into them and view patients and issues. Right now, the only notification and to view this is strictly through email. – Ability to hover over icons on Facility Dashboard and info and be able to on info and have a with that info pop up. – On the Discharge tab, when setting a filter, we want that filter to stay set unless we change it. Right now, if you set a filter and then go into a patient, when you come out, the filter is not set anymore and you have to set all over again. Our Solution – Need to be able to pull reports on info by unit, by caller, by diagnosis, physician or across the hospital, specifically on flags for medications, conditions, ect. – Flags and marked issues also need to be represented on the Facility Dashboard page. – Automate the import process of file hospital. – Set up or ability to set up Hospital employees to log with their Credentials (single sign on). – Flags thrown need to show up somewhere Navigator and also be able to go into them and view patients and issues. Right now, the only notification and to view this is strictly through email. – Ability to hover over icons on Facility Dashboard and info and be able to on info and have a with that info pop up. – On the Discharge tab, when setting a filter, we want that filter to stay set unless we change it. Right now, if you set a filter and then go into a patient, when you come out, the filter is not set anymore and you have to set all over again. Also, let me know if there is a “scope of project” document that we need to complete to help you and your team develop a project plan and timeline. Hopefully, with the above notes and attached files, you’ll be able to put together a project plan and proposal for this project. Deliverables Fully functional application product Maintenance and support Tech Tools used VS Code Language/techniques used Angular Node.js Express.js Databases used MySQL Web Servers used AWS Project Snapshots Project website url https://callsnavigator.com Summarize Summarized: https://blackcoffer.com/ This project was done by the Blackcoffer Team, a Global IT Consulting firm. Contact Details This solution was designed and developed by Blackcoffer Team Here are contact details: Firm Name: Blackcoffer Pvt. Ltd. Firm Website: www.blackcoffer.com Firm Address: 4/2, E-Extension, Shaym Vihar Phase 1, Delhi 110043 Email: ajay@blackcoffer.com Skype: asbidyarthy WhatsApp: +91 9717367468 Telegram: @asbidyarthy 