Google Data Studio Dashboard for Marketing, ads and Traction data Client Background Overview Bankiom – the super banking app for on a mission to make managing your finances easier. ☞ Open account on your phone and get a virtual 3 minutes or less ☞ Manage all your bank accounts one app and one control panel ☞ Save and your wealth Website http://www.bankiom.com Company size 2-10 employees Founded 2019 Specialties Banking, Financial Services, Payments, Mobile Payments, Digital Bank, and FinTech Project Objective Build a dashboard unifying all the platforms that we use: Google Ads, FB ads, Appsflyer, Mixpanel Project Description We want to be able to track everything the funnel traffic source to total installs (paid, organic and by channel): – App settings Appsflyer – SDK Installation, test it (+ instruction for devs) – Ad sources setup ad accounts (Facebook, Google Ads, etc) – Ad sources setup Appsflyer – In-app conversions mapping – Conversion set up ads sources – One link, script, and deep setup – SKAD Network for IOS app Our Solution Built dashboard for each data source like Google Ads, Facebook Ads for tracking installs, channel spend, cost per install for both Android and IOS. Then, we made a dashboard for tracking the retention rates of customers and other events that they execute on the app like transfer money, user registration, connect banks. The data for these events was fetched MixPanel. These dashboards were made using Google Data Studio. Project Deliverables We need to deliver dashboards for tracking the ads data Google and Facebook and to track the events which the users perform on their app and for this data was collected MixPanel. Tools used Following Tools were used for successful execution of the project Google Data Studio Adveronix Mixpanel Api BigQuery GCP Language/techniques used Code was written to create the pipeline to fetch MixPanel data through mixpanel Api and store it bigquery. So, the code was written Python. Skills used Following Skills were used to complete the project Data Preparation Data Visualization Python API BigQuery Google Platform Databases used For storing the data of the project Google and Google BigQuery were used. Web Servers used Web server used this project was Google Platform. What are the technical Challenges Faced during Project Execution? Technical Challenges faced during the execution of the project was to understand how the api of the mixpanel works and how to connect it to Google BiqQuery. Another technical challenge that we faced was to find a resource to connect the facebook ads data to data studio. How the Technical Challenges were Solved To solve the technical challenges we went through the documentation of the mixpanel api to get a understanding of how the things work. Based on that we built the pipeline to connect the mixpanel data to big query. The other technical challenge of finding a resource to connect the facebook ads to datastudio for was solved by researching for the various connectors available and we found add on named ‘Adveronix’ which could connect the facebook ads data to google which can eaily be connected to data studio. Project Snapshots Project website url https://datastudio.google.com/reporting/8af163c1-b328-4ed3-91fc-cf8a026d0d9f Project Video 