Advanced for Trading Automation Client Background Client: A leading tech firm Europe Industry Type: Banking & Finance Services: Trading, and financial services Organization Size: 100+ The Problem Create automated trading application with fully automated trading capabilities selecting pair of assets to buying/selling assets. This application uses to decide what action to take while trading. Our Solution We have integrated coin_api with the application which data is extracted. We have created the homepage for this application. We have changed the code structure of the front end to make it and efficient. Solution Architecture application, where the first automated top asset pair selection happens. If the coins are co-integrated, then only one indicator must be executed trading starts based on 2 indicators. The agent take specific action to trade based on the algorithm. Deliverables We have removed the old API and integrated the api with the application. We have altered the code structure of the front end to make the code faster and efficient. Tools used Visual studio code Language/techniques used Python Skills used Django Databases used SQlite Web Servers used Digital Ocean What are the technical Challenges Faced during Project Execution We faced issue while integrating coin api with the application while retrieving the data. To retrieve the data using the coin api, we need to input a symbol id. This symbol id is a combination of exchange_name, symbol_type, currency_we_want_to_trade, and quote_currency. There are N coins that can be retrieved using coin api. There are than multiple exchanges, multiple symbol types, and multiple quote currencies for ONE SINGLE COIN. This makes there is a huge no. Of combinations for one single coin. This made the execution of the api integration very slow. How the Technical Challenges were Solved We created one drop-down for exchange selection, one drop-down for symbol type selection, one drop for coin, and one drop-down for quote currency selection. The user selects these, and the backend, a combination is created and is sent as input to the coin api code and the data is retrieved without slowing down the process. Contact Details Here are contact details: Email: ajay@blackcoffer.com Skype: asbidyarthy WhatsApp: +91 9717367468 Telegram: @asbidyarthy For project discussions and updates, would you like to use Slack, Skype, Telegram, or Whatsapp? Please recommend, what would work for you. 