and ML technologies to Evaluate Learning Assessments Client Background Client: A leading EduTech firm the USA Industry Type: EduTech Services: Educations. Training Organization Size: 1000+ Project Objective Confirmation / Identification of data that can be used / obtained without bias. Understanding the Actions that are required to be performed analytics. Converting the data into metrics using formulae that can be used to conduct the analysis. Project Description It is a culture management platform that uses learning as the fundamental mode of communication. The platform requires Analytics portion that captures a variety of data related to the interaction of the learner with content, assessments, engagements and forums to create personalized learning plans for each user to increase the effectiveness of learning and its retention which together make impact on the overall productivity of the learner and the organization. Our Solution We helped the client deciding the data required for the analysis process. We came up with the appropriate models for various tasks and interpretations of how the data be collected and analysed for the initial response, final response, retention, proficiency, and learning intent of the user. We designed the models such a that one can perform seamlessly grading for each question type (based on difficulty level) and at a different hierarchical level (sub-section, section, training, and on). We knew that each user has its unique aptitude level (basic, intermediate, and advanced) and keeping that mind, we incorporated those aptitude levels our analytics too. Moreover, we integrated the grade and time factor into the analysis that points are allotted for comparatively tough questions and responses, respectively. Project Deliverables MS Excel sheet, Google spreadsheets with proper tables and visualizations. Tools used Jupyter notebook, MS Excel, Google Spreadsheets. Language/techniques used Python. Skills used Data science and analytics. Databases used Generated our data through data simulation. What are the technical Challenges Faced during Project Execution? Data analytics is all about analysing and finding patterns the data that already exist or are getting generated real-time. However, this project is the budding stage, and we had no data to start our analysis. Moreover, this project is novel, and the dataset that meets our requirements was nearly impossible to find online. How the Technical Challenges were Solved We performed data simulation techniques and tried to generate the data as authentic as possible using some libraries python and random functions spreadsheets. We also generated the data manually at a scale, but we made sure that we are including every human factor it. Project Snapshots (Minimum 10 Pictures) 