AI-Based Algorithmic Trading Bot for Forex Client Background Client: A leading trading firm the USA Industry Type: Finance Services: Trading, Banking, Investment Organization Size: 100+ The Problem Build ML/AI Model to predict next 15 on historical and live data by using indicators such as EMA, MACD, RSI etc. Create a web app to show predicted and other indicators movement Our Solution market indicators such as EMA, MACD, RSI etc helps us to find by using historical data. If we accurately predict earlier then it help us investment. we have used 12data api to collect historical and live EUR/USD data. We calculated EMA(12), EMA(26), MACD and RSI indicators based on data. After that we created labels of historical data. When we have training data we used different classifier models for training. We predicted accuracy with different models and the Logistic regression model gave 91% accuracy. This logistic regression is predicting the only for the next step. It we know only 15 minutes before that the happen the next 15 but we need to know earlier. For that we predicted the next 45 minutes values using the LSTM model historical data. Based on these values we have calculated EMA, MACD and RSI and after that using logistic regression. now we can predict the 1 hour earlier based on these 2 models. To show and other indicators movement we created a python flask web app and hosted it on AWS EC2 server. The process runs every 15 minutes and checks the cross. If there is any 1 hour it sends a telegram notification. Deliverables Flask web app All the python code and machine learning models Tools used Pandas, numpy, scikit-learn, tensorflow, flask etc. Language/techniques used Data Analysis, Data Visualization, Machine learning, Deep learning, flask web app etc. Models used Logistic Regression, LSTM model Skills used Data Analysis, Data Visualization, Machine learning, Deep learning, flask, python etc. Databases used MongoDB Web Servers used AWS Ec2 What are the technical Challenges Faced during Project Execution challenge this project is to find the model. Because we have time series data we cannot change the orders to get better accuracy. One machine learning model is only predicting the next 15 but we need the 1 hour before. How the Technical Challenges were Solved We were using time series data we cannot change the order to find better accuracy every model. we have tried different models with the same order and evaluated the model. Only the logistic regression model worked for the data it gave 91% accuracy on test data. To get the next 1 hour prediction we first tried the same logistic regression to predict the next 3 steps but we failed because of poor accuracy. we trained the LSTM model on data and predicted the next 3 steps using the LSTM model. After that we used logistic regression to predict cross. Business Impact It help traders to predict the market earlier and get better returns this project. Project Snapshots Contact Details Here are contact details: Email: ajay@blackcoffer.com Skype: asbidyarthy WhatsApp: +91 9717367468 Telegram: @asbidyarthy For project discussions and updates, would you like to use Slack, Skype, Telegram, or Whatsapp? Please recommend, what would work for you. 