Design & Develop Question Answering model explanations with visualization Client Background Client: A Leading Tech Firm the USA Industry Type: IT Consulting Services: Software, Consulting Organization Size: 100+ Project Description We need to use a pre-trained question answering model and create a notebook that has explanations of model’s working with some visuals of bertviz, allennlp and gradient values. Our Solution We created a notebook first and explained the model with model view and view visuals of bertviz library. It gives similarity between words we can easily find related words. We used the allennlp library and created bar charts and heatmaps to show higher and attention words. It when it finds question related words the context it gives higher value to those words and if words are not related it gives values. We used a gradient based method to show higher and gradient values according to question text and created bar charts and text color charts to show higher gradient values. Project Deliverables A notebook which has explanation of the question answering model using some visualization. Tools used Google colab notebooks, Tensorflow, Bertviz, Allennlp, Transformers Language/techniques used Python programming language, Deep learning, NLP, Data Visualization Models used Pretrained bert-base-uncased model and distilbert model (both trained on squad2 dataset) Skills used Data visualization, Deep learning, NLP, python What are the technical Challenges Faced during Project Execution We need to use the pre-trained model which can give results on different questions and answers. We were working on text data we need to use charts which can clearly show differences between higher attention and attention value words. How the Technical Challenges were Solved For pretrained we tried different Bert’s pretrained models like distilbert(trained on squad dataset), distilbert(trained on squad2), base uncased, and base. Among these models we kept the one. For solving charts related issues we used heatmap chart, bar chart with dark and colors and text coloring method. Project Snapshots 