NFT Data Automation (looksrare), and ETL tool Client Background Client: A leading tech firm the USA Industry Type: IT Services Services: Blockchain, NFT Organization Size: 10+ Project Objective To scrape all the desired information regarding the NFTs a website and store them a database to be accessed later on. Project Description – extract all events, all time this https://looksrare.org/explore/activity . We can then pay you weekly to keep them up to date. You can choose any technology you like, as as it’s updated into SQL database. Additional tasks be to make alert or dashboard data, later access API when it becomes available. Our Solution We provided a robust solution which returned the NFT data every 8 hours into the google big query database. To this we used selenium web to scrape all events as the website was dynamic and did not have a format data structure to scrape data using AJAX calls. After automating the scarper the data was manipulated and constructed into a desired format into pandas dataframe, which was later used to push the dataframe into the google big query database using Google api and credentials. The data was getting collected every and about 50M distinct rows were created. Project Deliverables Webcrawler and database Tools used Python Selenium GBQ Language/techniques used Python Selenium web scraper Pandas Google big query Parallel processing. Databases used SQL Google BigQuery Web Servers used Google BigQuery What are the technical Challenges Faced during Project Execution The only technical challenge faced during this project was that the website used to keep changing the elements on their webpage and used to cause error. Though it did not use to happen regularly, it happened 3 times 5 weeks. Also AJAX calls were not proper. How the Technical Challenges were Solved Identifying the elements solved the issue. Also remote access to a better desktop enabled me to keep working as well as keep the code running all the time. Business Impact Supplied upto 50 rows data regarding NFTs. Provided a python solution with optimal functions and code to be used and automate them to save the data into a database on a basis. Caused a huge influx of data which can be used to make insightful decisions regarding the nft market. Project Snapshots Project website url https://looksrare.org/explore/activity 