Ranking customer behaviours for business strategy Client Background Client: A Leading Retail Firm the USA Industry Type: Retail Services: Retail Business Organization Size: 100+ The Problem Create API service that parse text, include comments, analyse the remarks, assign a score based on sentiment or other criteria, etc. Feed it comments, and it should analyse the syntax and sentiment of the comments as well as extract terms to add to the extended data of that model. order for us to know a user’s behaviour, personal information, and data about their interests Our Solution Created a flask API, that take comments as input and textual analysis as follows: and Grammar Check : We have used language tool python for this , LanguageTool is open-source grammar tool, also known as the spellchecker for OpenOffice. This library allows you to detect grammar errors and spelling mistakes through a Python script or through a command-line interface. Sentimental Analysis : For Sentimental Analysis we used FLAIR, Flair is a pre-trained embedding-based model. This that each is represented inside a vector space. Words with vector representations most similar to another are often used the same context. This allows us, to, therefore, determine the sentiment of any given vector, and therefore, any given sentence. Keywords Extraction : For keywords extraction we used SPACY which is newer than NLTK or Scikit-Learn, is aimed at making deep learning for text data analysis as simple as possible. The following are the procedures involved extracting keywords a text using spacy. Split the input text content by tokens Extract the hot words the token list. Set the hot words as the words with pos tag “ PROPN “, “ ADJ “, or “ NOUN “. (POS tag list is customizable) Find the most common T number of hot words the list Solution Architecture Deliverables CommentScoringAPI that take comments/reviews as input, and the textual analysis on the given comment and return the Comment Score based on of and grammar errors, sentiments, hot keywords. Tools used Numpy , pandas , flask , NLTK , Spacy (Keyword Extraction), language tool python (spell and grammar check), flair (Sentimental Analysis) Language/techniques used Python Business Impact Client have a user schema that contain all the information of users that have visited there platform, and he/she want to build a Script that take all the reviews of a certain User as input and than textual analysis on all the comments of the user , by textual analysis we mean and Grammar Check, Sentimental Analysis, and Keywords extraction. Based on these factors our Script scored each user and helped Client to understand his/her users well. 