Auvik, Connectwise integration Grafana Client Background Client: A Leading Tech Firm the USA Industry Type: IT & Consulting Services: Software, Business Solutions, Consulting Organization Size: 200+ Project Objective Get statistics such as uptime, availability, cpu throughput etc. Auvik and Connectwise and make a dashboard it Grafana. Project Description Unlike technologies for which plugins are readily available Grafana, there are none for auvik and Connectwise. our task was to device a solution through which all the data Auvik and Connectwise can be fed to Grafana. This data then would be used to plot graphs Grafana. Our Solution Setup Postgres on linux Create appropriate databases, tables and users it. Use python to get data Auvik and Connectwise and perform necessary preprocesing. the same python file, Connect to our postgres database. Ingest this data into postgres database. Setup Grafana. Connect Grafana to postgres using the postgres plugin. Query our postgres database Grafana to get desired results. Plot multiple graphs according to client’s requirement and make a dashboard it Project Deliverables Setup Postgres Setup Postrges Grafana Write Python code to get data Auvik and Connectwise into Postrges Plot graphs into Grafana according to client’s requirement Make dashboards for all the graphs Tools used Grafana Postgres Vs Code AWS Postman Language/techniques used Python Skills used Python networking Data visualisation Databases used Postgres Web Servers used Amazon Web Services (AWS) What are the technical Challenges Faced during Project Execution Since, the data received Auvik was Json fromat, our first approach was to use Grafana’s built-in Json plugin. But this wasn’t working since, the data received Auvik was multi-dimensional when the Json plugin required One dimensional data. How the Technical Challenges were Solved The above challenge was addressed by transforming the multi- dimensional data into one dimensional when it was store a python variable. This transformed data was then inserted into Postgres. Project Snapshots Project website url https://github.com/AjayBidyarthy/Henry-Pardo Project Video https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7CcbdfjkBzc&ab_channel=Blackcoffer 