Azure Data and BI Dashboard Client Background Overview is a video bibliographic tool for journalists and other researchers. It allows users to capture, annotate and share their journeys through digital and physical space, producing verifiable logs and generating monetizeable video highlight reels that can be embedded digital and other media – showcasing moments and telling the behind the story. Our mission is to address distrust and disinformation with transparency and authenticity, while simultaneously tilting the information ecosystem favour of quality original work. Research is valuable. Make it Visible. Write Stone. Website http://www.writeinstone.com Company size 2-10 employees Headquarters Blackheath, Founded 2017 Specialties Research Transparency, Trust, Video Content, Journalism, Proof Of Work, and Bibliographic Standards Project Objective Working on Microsoft Azure Analytics Services Verifying that indicators are being gathered intended manner, line with GDPR provisions Building and analyzing dashboards and, specifically, conversion funnels Project Description To determine whether the already implemented indicators are intended fashion (separated by where these indicators are placed the currently constituted funnel) Implement Indicators Research Logged Average Number of Highlights per Project Total Hours of Content Produced Total Hours of Content Watched unique visitors engaging with Stone, including the landing page, public research page(s), and the research portal Assess the dashboard set up Azure, refine the existing dashboard, and determine whether alternative is preferable. Review, refine, and optimize the WIS conversion funnel(s) Our Solution Built a BI dashboard as per the requirement. Also built a separate dashboard for the metric data Azure. Project Deliverables BI dashboard which contains indicators funnels, indicators(Research logged, Average number of Highlights per projects, Total hours of content watched etc), visualizations extracted metric data. Tools used BI Azure Language/techniques used BI DAX Kusto Query Azure Skills used Data collection Data Analysis Data cleaning Feature engineering Querying Visualization Databases used Azure database Web Servers used Azure What are the technical Challenges Faced during Project Execution Difficulty data collection. 