AWS Lex Voice and Chatbot Client Background Client: A leading tech firm USA Industry Type: IT Services: eCommerce Organization Size: 40+ Project Objective Create a Voice and chatbot using AWS lex which can flights, hotels, cars and some fun activities a city. Project Description We need to create a voice and chatbot using AWS lex and lambda function. The bot should a flight, a hotel, and a car by asking some relevant questions to the user like destination, origin, date, etc. We also need to create a combination of all these which can plan the whole trip, flight, hotel, car and some fun activities. Our Solution We have created aws lex intents and lambda functions for all bookings. Intents manage front ends like utterances (user can ask to the bot) and slots (bot replies with relevant questions). Lambda functions manage backend parts like which intent should be triggered if the user says “ a flight” or “book a hotel” or “book a car”. For search results we have used some external APIs like Amadeus for flight, sabre for hotels and blablacar for car booking. We have modified search results by using Data Analytics (for getting the cheapest and flight and hotel), Machine learning (for getting user’s preferences by analyzing user’s history) and NLP (Differentiate search results by text analysis) techniques users can get the search results. Project Deliverables aws lex voice and chatbot which can flight, hotel, car and fun activities. This can be integrated with IOS applications. Tools used AWS Lex, AWS Lambda, AWS Cognito, AWS EC2, Google colab, VS code, API, Uvicorn. Language/techniques used python, machine learning, data analytics, NLP. Models used TfIdf-Vectorizer and cosine similarity Skills used Data Analytics, Machine learning, NLP, Python, AWS, REST APIs. Databases used MySQL Web Servers used AWS What are the technical Challenges Faced during Project Execution The first challenge we have faced is the integration of AWS lex and lambda functions. Amadeus and Sabre APIs data was not a format we have to clean some data and organize it a usable format. We need to make some APIs we can flight or hotel parameters and the APIs give flight or hotel related data. Create a the bot for booking flights, hotel,s and car. How the Technical Challenges were Solved the integration of AWS lex and lambda function was very tough for us. Because lex uses some intentes to show responses the lambda function. we have created different lex intents to messages to lex bot lambda function. And put some coding to the lambda function different messages can be handled by different intents. For flight, hotel and car search results we were using some external apis like amadeus, sabre and blablacars apis. These APIs have a lot of data and are not a format we need. first we cleaned data and then sorted data according to cheaper and ratings results. We have used the two results among all the results. We cannot use all the machine learning and data analytics part aws lambda function. what we did was we created some REST APIs which can handle all the data analytics and machine learning part and we hosted these APIs on AWS EC2 instance. We used these APIs our lambda functions. Creating a a chat bot or voice bot is always different providing text messages. For creating a we used a response structure lambda function which can handle and related responses. Project Snapshots Project Video 