Healthcare Data Analysis Client Background Client: A leading healthcare tech firm the USA Industry Type: Healthcare Consulting Services: Management consultant Organization Size: 100+ Project Objective The objective of this project is to find the pattern the vital signs of patients who were admitted to the hospital past. And this pattern, we get some ranges that help us to give warnings. Project Description We are interested non-survivor patients’ vital signs as compare to survivor patients. we find patterns vital signs that could better determine that patient died (ex. if Sp02 is below 70, patient 95% of cases died, if Sp02 is below 50%, the death rate is 99.9%) or we can take correlations which can help us to find better patterns to define death cases. Data The dataset which was used for analysis here is taken the mimic website. But the dataset is not the correct format which we want, after some manipulation, we get the data for the analysis. Our Solution Approach To protect patient confidentiality date and time is shifted to future that’s not the actual time shifted time column we create extra column hour which tells us the time passed hours since first observation ICU. After all manipulation our final dataset contain vital signs values for each observation of patients with time separate column and also the label fo Death (0 or 1) another column. There are two options to with missing values Drop all rows which contain values. 2.Fill the missing values by some method using pandas. I can’t go with 1st option because a part of the data has missing values. so, I decided to go with the second option and fill missing values with the average of upper and values. But before that, I filtered the data and take only those patients’ data who died a hospital or survive. Project Deliverables After performing which also include the removal of some impossible outliers, we come up with a result of Analysis. This result helps to build warning system which predict the condition of patients on the basis of their score, calculated on their condition using vital sign values. Tools used Google Colab Notebook Language/techniques used Python Skills used Data visualization Data analysis Pandas Numpy Seaborn Databases used SQL MongoDB Web Servers used Google Project Snapshots Project website url https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1mo7i32BoEVb0Ac6_CWwJd7_HVbliktx0?usp=sharing 