Data CRM Zapier to Google (Dynamic) to PowerBI Client Background Client: A leading solar panel firm the USA Industry Type: Energy Services: Solar Panel Organization Size: 500+ The Problem Solar Panel organization wants to keep track of data. They want to the leadership dashboard of their organization terms of sales. They also want to keep track of their campaigns and leads generated sources of those campaigns. They want to keep track of data different sources. Our Solution First, we fetch the data CRM to PowerBI. Clean the data of CRM using DAX and then perform calculations on the data. Using cleaned data, we build KPI on PowerBI. Solution Architecture To complete the project, we follow the following data flow pipeline: Data CRM 🡪 Zapier 🡪 Google Sheet (Dynamic) 🡪PowerBI Language/techniques used PowerBI, DAX Language Skills used CRM, Zapier , PowerBI, Google Sheet What are the technical Challenges Faced during Project Execution Challenges Faced during the Project Execution : Fetching the data CRM Unclean Data Merging the Data How the Technical Challenges were Solved Solution: To Fetch the data CRM. We used Zapier. It is connector between two applications that whenever a particular incident happen it populate into another application. We use Zapier to connect CRM and Google that whenever a lead change or modified data be stored into google sheets. Data google was uncleaned. First, we connect the Google sheet with PowerbI then perform to clean the data using DAX language. Using merging of two tables by ONE-ON-ONE schema we solve duplicate entries of a particular lead PowerBI. Business Impact Using this Dashboard client can make important decisions like which campaign they are getting a greater number of leads and out of those leads how are actually a Sale. They can keep track of their leadership of employee of the month term of sales. Project Snapshots CRM Zapier Dashboard Project Video Contact Details Here are contact details: Email: ajay@blackcoffer.com Skype: asbidyarthy WhatsApp: +91 9717367468 Telegram: @asbidyarthy For project discussions and updates, would you like to use Slack, Skype, Telegram, or Whatsapp? Please recommend, what would work for you. 