Google LSA Ads (Google Local Service Ads) – ETL tools and Dashboards Client Background Client: A leading marketing firm the USA Industry Type: Marketing Services: Ads, Marketing, Campaign, Consulting Organization Size: 200+ The Problem The client has a Google LSA Ads Manager Account with about 100+ accounts and wishes to collect data available through the Google LSA API daily. The client wishes to set up a private Databases that is automatically created for newly added accounts and stores all of the collected data (Lead and Phone data). Finally, all collected data must be presented through the Google Looker Studio Dashboards, with the design layouts as suggested by the client. Our Solution The solution involves a number of Python-based ETL tools that are responsible for fetching the data Google’s LSA API and updating the same the Google BigQuery Databases. Two different tools run are: MCC Data Fetching tool. Lead Record data fetching tool. The fetched data is stored BigQuery Databases on the client-provided (Google)manager account. Carefully curated Google Looker Studio dashboards implemented with client-suggested theme layout which are updated upon client request, represent a number of KPIs and graphs indicating data trends. The designed dashboards have a number of data-controlling filters that filter the data account-wise and date-wise. Solution Architecture Deliverables Heroku deployed Python tools Google Looker Studio Dashboards BigQuery Database Maintenance service Tools used Python Google BigQuery Heroku Google Looker Studio Git Heroku CLI Language/techniques used Python GoogleSQL (BigQuery supported SQL) Looker Modeling Language (Looker ML) Git Commands Skills used Data Engineering skill to fetch data as per client needs. Data Processing to make it suitable for dashboards, databases Dashboard designing and data presentation skills Tool Deployment Database manipulation Data piplining Databases used Google BigQuery Web Servers used Heroku: Application Platform What are the technical Challenges Faced during Project Execution Google LSA API is slow, data fetching timelines. BigQuery jobs fail, causing inconsistencies. How the Technical Challenges were Solved Entire data fetching operation requires 1-2 hrs daily, 2 separate tools run asynchronously and populate two different databases, the data is grouped the dashboards Regular weekly and monthly data refreshes update any inconsistent data. Business Impact Business clients are able to access important KPI’s without the need to understand the complexities involved behind the scenes. Allows clients to track their performances, responsiveness. Project Snapshots Contact Details Here are contact details: Email: ajay@blackcoffer.com Skype: asbidyarthy WhatsApp: +91 9717367468 Telegram: @asbidyarthy For project discussions and updates, would you like to use Slack, Skype, Telegram, or Whatsapp? Please recommend, what would work for you. 