Monday.com to KPI Dashboard to manage, view, and generate insights the CRM data Client Background Client: A leading energy firm the USA Industry Type: Energy Services: Solar panel Organization Size: 200+ Project Objective Setup a dashboard on Monday.com Fetch client CRM data onto Monday.com dashboard. Project Description Mohsin has CRM for his business where has all data regarding leads of his clients. wanted to all his client appointments at one place. Client took subscription of Monday.com. It is CRM where you can manage your work easily neat and clean user-friendly environment. We can easily track our task on Monday.com. Pipeline for Monday.com is very easy to use and also customized according to our needs. Our Solution The challenging part of this project was to get CRM data on Monday.com dashboard. Client also has subscription of Zapier. Zapier is a connector which connect two apps to transfer data each other. Zapier also has limitation to fetch limited type of data CRM. Like for Mohsin CRM we can only fetch hot lead comes on CRM. But his CRM there are also other functions like if a customer lead comes on CRM. They manually appointment for that client. there is no to get that data CRM. Issue for client was has attached integrated four google calendar account with CRM whenever confirms appointment on CRM that data fetched on google calendar. But has check manually one by one on each calendar which was bit hard task for him. So, we advised Monday.com where can track all his task at one place. Tools used Monday.com Zapier Google Calendar Databases used Google Calendar What are the technical Challenges Faced during Project Execution The challenging part of this project was to get CRM data on Monday.com dashboard.There is no direct integration of CRM and Monday.com to fetch data. How the Technical Challenges were Solved To solve challenges, we used Zapier to get CRM data to dashboard of Monday.com. We used google calendar of client which were integrated with CRM. All the appointment confirmed leads were present on google calendar. Pipeline of Data: CRM 🡪 Google Calendar 🡪 Zapier 🡪 Monday.com Business Impact Using the Monday.com dashboard client can easily track all appointments of customers. can track data of his team members and connect with them at one place. not any of his meeting with customer. Monday.com also has timeline and calendar view using that client can all activity of his work. Project Snapshots CRM Calendar view Monday.com Google Calendar Zapier Project Video Contact Details Here are contact details: Email: ajay@blackcoffer.com Skype: asbidyarthy WhatsApp: +91 9717367468 Telegram: @asbidyarthy For project discussions and updates, would you like to use Slack, Skype, Telegram, or Whatsapp? Please recommend, what would work for you. 