Google Local Service Ads (LSA) Leads Dashboard Client Background Client: A leading firm USA Industry Type: Services: practice Organization Size: 40+ Project Objective: For a better understanding, provide visualisations of the data on the LSA Dashboard. Learn how to enhance Rank and push the Ad to potential consumers by gaining data insights. Project Description Local Service Ads is a newer program by Google that allows advertisers to achieve a “Google Guaranteed” status search engines when a visitor makes a search. Advertisers who participate Google Local Service Ads receive a larger ad space with their competitor’s local services ads and they be able to feature their local businesses throughout organic search queries. There are various aspects that firms must concentrate on order to win the Google services ad and raise their ranking. These enhancements be implemented if companies obtain current data about their leads and analyse it order to take appropriate actions the future. This project was created to give this data a that companies can readily understand through the use of visualisations. The graphs show the increase/decrease any of the metrics, as well as the manner which the increase/decrease occurs. It display all of the crucial data monthly or even by date to help you keep track of the changes that occur. Our Solution The solution for the project includes data insights through visualisations which help businesses to better analyse the available data. This solution help the businesses improvising the factors to increase their potential customers and raise their respective ranks. It is divided into two parts: databases and data dashboard. The databases store the important data retrieved the LSA dashboard and use them to calculate some important metrics. The data dashboard represent those metrics form of graphs and data form of tables. Project Deliverables The project deliverables can be divided into two parts: Data databases: The data is divided into three parts: Historical Account Data, Historical Phone Lead and Historical Message Lead. Using these three data, we calculate and store other important metrics like Cost per Acquisition, Conversion Rate, number of booked leads, number disputed leads, pending leads and approved leads. Google data studio dashboard: The dashboard show the count of important metrics like total number of records, total interactions and different types of leads. It represent different types of graphs portraying different kinds of information and tables containing data like Lead data combined and Net monthly spent on Ads. Tools used For extracting the data the LSA Dashboard, we have made our own tool by python scripts. The automation tool store data the excel and google bigquery for respective businesses on a to basis. PyCharm for compiling and running the code. JsonViewer for processing Language/techniques used We have used the LSA API to extract data the LSA Dashboard. Google API to store data excel sheets. Bigquery API for storing data google bigquery. The scripts for the automation tool were written the Python programming language. Models used Software Model: RAD(Rapid Application Development model) Model the RAD paradigm, less emphasis is placed on planning and emphasis is placed on development activities. It aims to create software a period of time. Advantages of RAD Model: Changing needs can be addressed. Progress be quantified. Increases component reusability. Encourages responses consumers. Integration the start solves a lot of integration concerns. Skills used API Data Abstraction Data Visualisation Automation of tools Exception Handling Python Data Preprocessing Data Wrangling Databases used Two types of databases: Google excel and google bigquery. Web Servers used Google BigQuery Database with up to 1 TB of storage is being used. What are the technical Challenges Faced during Project Execution Some technical challenges were faced for clients with minimum data. For those, plotting graphs became difficult. How the Technical Challenges were Solved We tried to process the data, remove the data spaces and plotted the graph with available data. Business Impact It’s undeniable that Google’s Local Services ads (LSA) have changed the home service businesses advertise online. The pay per lead system designed to provide the end-user with a quick, clean and trusted experience, gives and medium-sized businesses a better shot at competing with national brands and massive budget operations. To win with the Local Services the businesses need to take care of some factors where data comes to help. Dialling your service area, Profile and Budget: The data the message and phone leads help to know whether they are potential customers. If they are potential customers, their location and profile can help you charging them or not charging the leads. your JOBS as Booked: The dashboard display the number of archived leads and booked leads. This count can help you analyse your performance and how you can work to increase your potential customers. with disputes: The dashboard also represent the disputed disputes and approved disputes which help you to with the disputes. Net Monthly Ad Spend: This is important metric which helps the firms to make better decisions for their expenditure. They can have efficient control over their expenditure once they have proper data available. Other metrics related to finances include Cost per lead, Cost per Acquisition and Conversion rate. Project Snapshots Fig.1: Data Dashboard for individual businesses-1 Fig.2: Data Dashboard for individual businesses-2 Fig.3: Consolidated Dashboard Fig.4: Historical Account Data Fig.5: CPA and CPL datasheet Fig.6: Lead Dispute Status 