Equity Waterfalls Model-Based SaaS Application for Estate Sector Client Background Client: A leading estate firm the USA Industry Type: estate Services: Property business, investment, estate Organization Size: 100+ Project Objective The objective is to create software that calculate the equity waterfalls for different cases. And there should be 3 users admin, sponsor and investor. We need to create the equity waterfall calculation according to the csv file that is shared by the client. All users have their own UI portal. Project Description The project is created using python language, working on django rest framework and for frontend we use reactjs and the code deployed on google app engine service. We need to create a software that calculate the equity waterfalls. And there should be 3 users admin, sponsor and investor. We need to create the calculation according to the csv file that is shared by the client. All users should have their own UI portal. Sponsors can create deals and send invitations to all investors or specific investors. Investors can all the deals that are offered by the sponsor’s. After that Investors can subscribe that after subscription it is depending on sponsor that accept the investor subscription or not. Our Solution We have created api’s that calculate the equity waterfall calculation according to the selection of the waterfall tiers. Project Deliverables Django rest framework api’s with frontend. Github source code. Working UI. Tools used Views. Routers. Serializers. Serializer relations. Settings. Language/techniques used Python Django rest framework ReactJS JWT SMTP Skills used SMTP JWT Databases used Sqlite3 Database Web Servers used Google platform What are the technical Challenges Faced during Project Execution The technical issues faced during the project is how to calculate the equity waterfall calculation for different tiers and different cases. And also invite the sponsors by admin or sponsors invite their investors. How the Technical Challenges were Solved We have used conditional statements code and write different codes for different calculations. that it check which we need to run and it run accordingly. Added the functionality which admin can invite the sponsors to the website and sponsors can invite their investor through sending the invitation to their email. Project Snapshots Project website url https://stackshares.io/dashboard/add-new-deal Project Video Contact Details Here are contact details: Email: ajay@blackcoffer.com Skype: asbidyarthy WhatsApp: +91 9717367468 Telegram: @asbidyarthy For project discussions and updates, would you like to use Slack, Skype, Telegram, or Whatsapp? Please recommend, what would work for you. 