Electric Vehicles (EV) Load Management System to Forecast Energy Demand Client Background Client: A leading energy consulting firm the USA Industry Type: Energy Services: Energy solutions, Consultancy Organization Size: 100+ Project Objective Create a Machine learning solution to manage electricity for electric vehicles. Tasks: Percentage probability of user plugin his vehicle today by user’s plugin date history Reduce the probability of plugin time according to user’s plugin time history Project Description We need to calculate the date and time probability that the user plugin his vehicle today based on his plugin date and plugin time history. We also need to decrease time probability based on the user’s past time range. Our Solution We converted the user’s plugin data into binary values like 0 if the user hasn’t plugged-in his vehicle on that and 1 if plugged-in. We identified the driven distance based on the amount of charge used between two plug-in times. Then we trained the Regression ML model for identifying each driven kilometer. these kilometres we have identified the probability that user’s plug-in today and it increase by till the user does not plug-in his vehicle. For time probability we have used Probability Distribution Function (PDF) and Cumulative Distribution Function (CDF). These functions decrease probability according to the user’s time range. Project Deliverables 2 python scripts to: Train regression model every day. Use model weights to generate probability values. Tools used Google Colab, VS Code, Google Drive, and MS Excel. Language/techniques used Python programming language, Data Analytics with numpy and pandas, Data Visualization with matplotlib, Statistics and Mathematics, Machine learning with SKlearn. Models used Regression Model Skills used Data Analytics, Data Visualization, Machine learning, Python, Statistics Databases used local data MS Excel Sheet What are the technical Challenges Faced during Project Execution There are a lot of challenges faced during project execution At the start, we have only imaginary data need to convert a format to apply machine learning models. Find the machine learning model for the data. Decrease the time probability according to user’s time How the Technical Challenges were Solved We have converted the data into weekday’s binary values like marked 0 if not plugged-in vehicle on that and 1 if plugged and calculated driven distance by amount of charge used between two plugin dates. Tried different regression based machine learning models like Random Regressor, XGBoost Regressor, Regression and checked accuracies of all models and choosed one. For decreasing time probability we used Probability Distribution Function (PDF) and Cumulative Distribution Function (CDF). These functions decrease probability according to the user’s time range. Project Snapshots 