BI dashboard to drive insights complex data to generate business insights Client Background Client: A leading marketing firm the USA Industry Type: Market Research Services: Marketing, Consultancy Organization Size: 100+ Project Description Phase – 1: this project first of all we have made heatmap between two columns named Author and Data Source. Then after two combining two tables named NY_data and nodeid_views made the report of all of the data. Phase – 2: Success of was given by if pageviews is than 35000, if pageviews lies between 3500-35000 the was labelled as needs improvement and if it was below 3500 the was labelled as failure. Phase – 3: The powerbi report was made to find different insights the data like different tables were drawn between different attributes of data like pie chart, time series chart, comparison charts. The data is updated every week and the report is generated automatically. Our Solution We provided them Phase 1 the powerbi sql editor by combining two tables using sql queries. For phase 2 we used the bi program tool and written a script Python to calculate the success of story. For Phase 3 we used the internal features of BI to find insights of the data. Project Deliverables We have provided a PowerBI report file as deliverable for the project. Tools used Python, PowerBI, Google Chrome Language/techniques used Python Programming and SQL queries editor. Models used Waterfall model used this project. Skills used Data cleaning, Data Pre-processing, Data Visualisation are used this project. Databases used We have used the traditional file systems as database storage. What are the technical Challenges Faced during Project Execution Drawing heatmap the PowerBI. Combining two tables on the basis of the pageviews. Converting the time series to data to 5 minute format. How the Technical Challenges were Solved We installed a add on the PowerBI to draw heatmap for the project and used the SQL editor to combine the tables on the basis of views. We used python programming to convert the time series data to 5 minute time gap format. Project Snapshots Project Video 