Python model for the analysis of sector-specific ETFs for investment purposes Client Background Client: A Leading Investment Firm the USA Industry Type: Finance Services: Investment, Consulting Organization Size: 100+ The Problem Have existing Python model that has been built for the analysis of sector-specific ETFs for investment purposes. Need to update the existing selection criteria to adjust the selection filter and add a screening criterion that drops off one or of the proposed holdings, and to have the ability to adjust the parameters of the selection criteria to test different variables. Our Solution The 2 4 Fundamental model screens a fundamental ranking of market sectors, picks the top ranked holding and continues to hold that sector as as it remains the top four rankings. The model holds two positions at a time. The sector ranking data is the wcm5.xlxs file. We input data the PRICES.CSV file to pull up monthly returns. When I go to run the program, I use the 2_in_4_New.py and that give me the current rankings for both the fundamental and technical rankings. Sometimes a sector is ranked as being fundamentally attractive because it has become cheaper because of problems going on within industry. What I would like to is to test out a of screening out a sector based upon poor performance over a lookback period. Here is what the model would do. Screen for a the specific number of sectors, probably between three and five, based upon the fundamental ranking over average time period (currently 3 weeks) Choose either three, four, or five holdings Exclude the holding that has the weakest performance over a specify lookback period, let’s start with 52 weeks, but I would like to be able to adjust this variable compare the performance of various combinations, seeing the return on annual basis if possible, as well as showing the maximum drawdown Solution Architecture Deliverables Updated, Optimised Python script that filter and return Technical and Financial holdings, with a filter that analysis on a certain lookback period. Tools used Numpy pandas itertools, combinations permutations Language/techniques used Python Business Impact The client now can get than 2 Financial and technical holdings , up to maximum 5 holdings for both Technical and Financial, plus the holdings were accurate because of the added Filter that Exclude the holding that has the weakest performance over a specify lookback period, default 52 weeks. It boosted the Client’s profit because of the accurate and optimised functional filters. Project Snapshots 