CRM, Monday.com Zapier to BI Dashboard Client Background Client: A leading solar panel firm the USA Industry Type: Energy Services: Solar Panel Organization Size: 200+ Project Description Mohsin has Solar Panel Company. has setup CRMs for that. wanted to use CRMs data and want to visualize the leads PowerBI Our Solution First, we check CRMs thoroughly and understand the work culture of his company. It was not easy to fetch data into PowerBI using API key. To fetch leads CRMs we used Zapier. The limitation of Zapier is it cannot fetch historical data into spreadsheet. we download data CRMs and fetch it into spreadsheet. For leads we created zaps for every instance. After that we connect the spreadsheet with PowerBI and clean the data accordingly. Using that data, we build KPIs according to client need. Tools used API , Zapier , Spreadsheet , PowerBI Language/techniques used M language , DAX Skills used API , M language , DAX , PowerBI What are the technical Challenges Faced during Project Execution? First challenge was to fetch data CRMs using API key. Data we were getting was uncleaned and were not able to fetch all data. If there were multiple pages the CRMs we not be able to fetch all data the pages. How the Technical Challenges were Solved Technical challenge this project was to extract data CRMs. for that we used Zapier connector CRMs to spreadsheet. But there was some limitation with Zapier that it not fetch the historical data of our CRMs. to solve that we download all historical data CRMs and append it to the spreadsheet we were using. We fetch leads to our spreadsheet using Zapier. By doing this now we have all the data historical and lead which be pushed by Zapier. Then we fetch the data to our PowerBI and some cleaning data. By using cleaned data, we build the KPIs for our client according to there requirements. Business Impact Client be able keep track on his company data on PowerBI and it helps them to make decisions accordingly. Project Snapshots CRMs Zapier PowerBI Dashboard Project Video Contact Details Here are contact details: Email: ajay@blackcoffer.com Skype: asbidyarthy WhatsApp: +91 9717367468 Telegram: @asbidyarthy For project discussions and updates, would you like to use Slack, Skype, Telegram, or Whatsapp? Please recommend, what would work for you. 