and NLP-based Solutions to Automate Data Discovery for Venture Capital and Private Equity Principals Client Background Client: A leading Venture Capital and Private Equity Principals the Globe Industry Type: Venture Capital and Private Equity Principals Services: Private Equity, Venture Capital, Data Analysis, Fund Performance, Alternative Assets, Competitive Intelligence, Limited Partners, Customized Benchmarks, Service Providers, Fund of Funds, M&A, and Financial Services Organization Size: 100+ The Problem Extract funding-related data news articles (from 1000+ websites) such as company name, funded amount, participated investors, and other details. create a web app to manage the extraction of funding data Our Solution There were 1000+ websites funding-related articles we couldn’t make a crawler for each website. we used inbuilt web crawler provided by elasticsearch. When we have extracted articles then we need to extract funding related information company name, fund amount and investors participated etc. Then we decided to use NLP’s question-answering method which we need to train transformers to extract funding-related information. First we have created some keywords based approaches to create labels for each we need to extract to train models. After that we have trained distil model on labelled data on AWS EC2’s GPU server. We applied this approach for all the we need to extract. We got 90%+ accuracy for the company name and for other we got 80%+ accuracy. To manage and view all the of extracted funding data we created a web app using python flask. this we created several pages to show extracted raw data by crawler, cleaned data after applying some cleaning functions and final output which have all the fields. We also created admin dashboard pages to show crawling status, how articles processed one day, total final output etc. Solution Architecture Deliverables Flask Web app Elasticsearch crawler Tools used Flask, Spacy, NLTK, pandas, numpy, transformers, elasticsearch etc. Language/techniques used Question answering NLP, web scraping, web application Flask, Python Models used Distil-bert model, en-core-web-sm (pre trained model of spacy) Skills used NLP, Data Analysis, Flask web app, Pandas, Numpy, transformers, fastapi, elasticsearch etc. Databases used Elasticsearch database Web Servers used AWS What are the technical Challenges Faced during Project Execution The client wanted to extract data 1000+ different websites and if we make any crawler it only works for one website it was not possible to create a 1000+ web crawler. How to extract funding information article. It is very difficult to extract that type of information normal python code by defining keywords because every website has different types of articles. How the Technical Challenges were Solved To solve web crawler-related issues we used elasticsearch web crawler which is very and can extract multiple websites at a time. this we need to create engine and add websites that we want to scrape. After that we added some keywords to extract only funding-related articles. We set up this crawler to run every hour we can get articles every hour. To extract funding-related information we collected articles different websites and created labels for each we wanted to extract. After that we have fine-tuned the transformer’s Distil-bert model on our labeled data. We used these models to extract funding-related information. We also created automated python script that uses these model on every extracted article and extracts funding-related information. Business Impact This funding-related data would be used two ways. this project, companies can find suitable investors for their startups. Companies can search for investors based on industry, verticals, etc., and find investors to help their startups. Investors can use it to find a startup which they want to invest based on their preferences like industry, verticals, etc. Project Snapshots (Minimum 10 Pictures) Contact Details Here are contact details: Email: ajay@blackcoffer.com Skype: asbidyarthy WhatsApp: +91 9717367468 Telegram: @asbidyarthy For project discussions and updates, would you like to use Slack, Skype, Telegram, or Whatsapp? Please recommend, what would work for you. 